docs: add community plugin docusaurus-graph (#10176)
facebook/docusaurus: website/community/2-resources.mdx

- [docusaurus-plugin-typedoc](https://github.com/tgreyuk/typedoc-plugin-markdown/tree/master/packages/docusaurus-plugin-typedoc) - A Docusaurus plugin to build documentation with [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/)
- [docusaurus-openapi-docs](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/docusaurus-openapi-docs) - A Docusaurus plugin and theme for generating interactive OpenAPI docs
- [docusaurus-post-generator](https://github.com/moojing/docusaurus-post-generator) - A command line tool for user to add a blog/doc file quickly by command like `yarn gen-post new [template] [post_name]`.

> - [docusaurus-graph](https://github.com/Arsero/docusaurus-graph) - A Docusaurus plugin for generating a graphview from your documentation files. The graphview shows the links between files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docusaurus-graph](https://github.com/Arsero/docusaurus-graph) - A Docusaurus plugin for generating a graphview from your documentation files. The graph view shows the links between files.
```

Author: I have a question, why the word "graphview" pass in the first sentence ? 😂

> - [docusaurus-graph](https://github.com/Arsero/docusaurus-graph) - A Docusaurus plugin for generating a graphview from your documentation files. The graph view shows the links between files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docusaurus-graph](https://github.com/Arsero/docusaurus-graph) - A Docusaurus plugin for generating a graph view showing links between documentation files.
```
